{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 high_dates_NL.csv\
For each tide prediction in "high_tides_NL.csv", the days since May 1 of the given year. \
\
high_tides_NL.csv\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rows are the predicted height (ft) of astronomical tide for every high tide, in sequential order, between between May 1 and August 31 of a given year. Columns are years; first column is 2012.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
IBM_parameters.csv\
Parameters from the list in Table 2 of the paper that do not have separate .csv files\
\
nest_failure_MCMC.csv\
Rows are posterior draws from the parameters (columns) that describe nest success probabilities. The columns are, in order, the intercept, effect of tide height, and the standard deviation of the nest-level random effect. \
\
renest_prob_MCMC.csv\
Rows are posterior draws from the parameters (columns) that describe quitting probability (from Ruskin et al. 2015). The columns are, in order, the intercept, effect of latitude (which is constant at the latitude of Long Island Sound in the model), and the effect of date. \
\
SLR_Rahmstorf.csv\
Projections of global sea level from Vermeer and Rhamstorf (2009). We use A1F1 and B1 in the model.\
\
storm_surge_posteriors.csv\
Rows are posterior draws from the parameters (columns) that describe the baseline and temporal trends in non-tidal fluctuations. The columns, are in order, the intercept, the yearly trend, the mean of year-specific parameters for within-season trends, the deviance of the model, the strength of temporal autocorrelation, the standard deviation of the residual variation, the standard deviation of variation in parameters for within-season trends, and the standard deviation of yearly variation.\
\
surv_avgsite_MCMC.csv\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rows are posterior draws from the parameters (columns) that describe adult annual survival (from Field et al. 2016). The columns are, in order, the mean survival rate and the standard deviation desribing spatial variation in the parameter. \
\
\
\
}